AIRSTRIKES WILL BE THE PRIMARY
STRATEGY FOR AN EXPANDED
AMERICAN MILITARY ROLE IN THE
FIGHT AGAINST ISLAMIC STATE
MILITANTS.
AS SECRETARY OF STATE KERRY
TESTIFIED GROUND TROOPS WILL
COME FROM MODERATE SYRIAN REBELS
AND THE IRAQI MILITARY.
GOOD EVENING, I'M GWEN IFILL.
JUDY WOODRUFF IS AWAY.
ALSO AHEAD THIS WEDNESDAY, MORE
TROUBLES FOR THE N.F.L., AS THE
MINNESOTA VIKINGS DEACTIVATE
RUNNING BACK ADRIAN PETERSON
WHILE HE DEALS WITH CHARGES OF
CHILD ABUSE.
THEN, IN THE PHILIPPINES,
GENETICALLY MODIFIED RICE
PROMISES TO BOOST NUTRITION AND
SAVE L, BUT ITS HARVEST ALSO
INCLUDES CONTROVERSY.
>> THE SCIENTISTS HERE ARE
SPICING CORN WITH RICE GENES.
THIS D.N.A. TINKERING GOES
AGAINST THE GRAIN FOR MANY
ENVIRONMENTAL ACTIVISTS.
>> Ifill: PLUS, KEN BURNS
DISCUSSES HIS NEW DOCUMENTARY,
"THE ROOSEVELTS," HOW ONE FAMILY
SHAPED AMERICAN HISTORY.
>> THEY REALLY FELT THAT
GOVERNMENT HAD TO BE A KIND OF
COUNTERVAILING FORCE AGAINST
WHAT WAS HUGELY LARGE INDUSTRY
AND AN INABILITY OF WORKERS AND
ORDINARY PEOPLE TO HAVE A VOICE
IN THAT EQUATION, THAT
GOVERNMENT COULD HELP BALANCE
THE SCALE.
>> Ifill: THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF
THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.